---
layout: post
title: Deorcþeng - pt. 2
date: 2018-08-17 19:00:00 +0000
categories: session
---

## Date 719HE/E24

After taking stock, the team ventured towards the staircase, a horrific piece of
gothic art. Ulunnuh stealthily made his way up the stairs and, finding no
resistance, the rest joined him and searched the first floor of the tower. This
floor had the same dark carpet and portraits. A richly decorated bedroom, when
ransacked, gave up some clothing and a pretty ring, snaffled by Tynluwurm.

Opposite was the library, again a search revealed some potion recipes and a
fantastically interesting volume on Goblin parasitology, available at all good
bookstores!

Further along, the group found a darkened room, ⅗ of which had been turned into
a cell, in which a shambling form draped in bandages hissed at our plucky
adventurers. After managing to get a name out of the mummy ("Tishak Sarak……."),
Ulunnuh picked the lock on the cell door and released the creature. The mummy
loped past them, out of the room and off down the stairs….

In the next room, they found a similar setup, with a shape-shifting imp in the
cell writhing in what appears to be pain.

Backing out of the room, the group crossed the hall into what can only be
described as an Alchemy lab. No other room has a stuffed crocodile hanging from
the ceiling. A search turned up 4 bars of gold!

With their sweep of the floor complete, Ulunnuh stealthed his way up the
staircase to the second floor. This was a small room, unlit with a plain wooden
floor and a large chest in the corner. The rest of the team joined him and set
about investigating the chest which, to their surprise, lashed out a tentacle
and tried to bite them! After a hard fight with the Mimic, the team went through
into the second room on the floor, plain again with a water barrel and a
staircase leading up. THe water barrel suffered much damage for fear of being a
Mimic, but just leaked water from the many hits it received.

Ascending the stairs brought the team to a smaller room with a ladder opposite
the stairs. Ulunnuh found 3 pressure plates which he disarmed, then up the
ladder they went to the fourth floor. A small room with two chests, a lever and
another ladder. After filling the chests with arrows and them not biting, the
team opened up the chests and found some fancy boots, a deck of cards, some
potions and 4 platinum and 7 gold pieces. Tynwurm bumped into the lever, which
lead to a grinding noise below being heard.

Going up the ladder lead them into the top floor of the tower, and their first
meeting with Prekas the Malicious. Dead, twisted and lying in the center of a
broken magic circle surrounded by unlit candles. Either side of the body where
books, one burned beyond legibility and the other written in a horrific script,
unreadable but recognisable as Zargassian…

Returning to the ground floor, the group rested, ate and tried to sleep.

Re-investigating the trapdoor in the Magical supplies room revealed it to open
easily and lead down into a cold, dank chamber. The same purple-flamed torches
are on the walls, and the chamber seems to be made of the same "stone" as the
tower.

The chamber led into a branching passage, our heroes encountered the undead,
kobolds praying at a foul altar to their forgotten god, a set of tables set for
meal serving … human as an entrée, and finally a horrific gelatinous cube which
put up a damn good fight.

And now our team rests before carrying on their journey Under Deorcþeng.
