---
layout: post
title: The Shattered Heart - pt.1
date: 2018-03-03 19:00:00 +0000
categories: session
---

## Date 719HE/E10

After returning to collect their reward, our gallant heroes decided to show
Priest Fordaye the symbol in the crypt. Attended by the Priest and his helper,
Hamath Pare, the group entered the crypt. The priest was shocked at what he saw,
but not as shocked as when Hamath began chanting/cursing the group! A brief
combat ensued resulting in the death off Hamath Pare. A search of his corpse
revealed a pamphlet written in an unknown tongue.

Our plucky band decided to head back to the tavern to rest and whilst there
bumped into Celasar Suva, High Elf (played by Shawn), a High Elf Wizard. He read
the bits of the pamphlet he could; "He will rise again" and a Mark of Zarg.

With this unsettling information, the adventurers made for bed.

## Date 719HE/E11

Bright and early, the band headed to the Town Hall and asked the Reeve about
jobs. After some discussion about what happened in the Temple, the Reeve told
them about some disturbances near the village of Milbrook, to the south of
Fairhaven.

As it was on the way, the team decided to stop off at Huw's farm to investigate
his wolf problem. Huw rambled about how "them buggers ave bin worrying moi
sheeps!" And that the wolves came at night, mostly. So, the team made plans of
attack and settled in to wait for those naughty doggies.

The group fought off two attacks by the wolves, and collected their reward, plus
Chelataur gathered up 5 ½ and ½ wolf skins and teeth!

## Date 719HE/E12 - E13

In the morning the band headed south towards Milbrook, a relatively quiet
journey that took them 2 days. Upon reaching Milbrook they introduced themselves
to the headman (Gyron Wiest), who also runs the pub (Farmer's Arms). He told
them about some strange chanting and lights coming from a cave due south off the
village.

After a spot of lunch (how civilized!) the team headed towards the cave. A brief
search of the natural cave revealed a hidden door. Some clever work by the
resident _ahem_ rogue (Ulunnuh) got the door open and lead the party into a
neatly finished black stone passageway. Some investigation later, the band had
found a well, two robing rooms and some more inviting passageways. In the best
fashion, the party split into two, the Drache!zin headed south, Ulunnuh and
Celasar headed north. The Drache!zin set of a dart trap, Chelataur taking one
dart in the shoulder. Ulunnuh and Celasar activated some type of bell that could
be heard along all the passages. Eventually, both sub-teams came to large doors…
