---
layout: post
title:  To the Battle Arena!
date:   2018-06-02 19:00:00 +0000
categories: session
---

## Date 719HE/E19

After a brief discussion, the team went through the gates in the Citadel itself. Wandering along the boulevards of the Citadel took the adventurers passed the many martial boutiques the Inner Hexant of KrayVax has to offer. This prompted a discussion about the feasibility of launching war elephants from a trebuchet and using the same trebuchet as a method of fast travel…

Eventually, the plucky band arrived at the Spire to deliver their letter. They were met by a minor clerk called Toman who took them to meet the Empress. After handing over the letter, the team where given board and lodgings in the Inner Hexant of Althwinn and told to return to the Spire the following day for a further meeting with the Empress.

## Date 719HE/E20

After a restful night (well, apart from Szithluon, plagued by dreams of a black sand, howling gales, not nails, tortured skies...) and a hearty breakfast, Toman led the team back to the KrayVax Hexant and left them to their own devices until the meeting at 3pm.

So, like any one in the big city, they went shopping! Tynluwurm bought a trained raven, Ulunnuh bought a couple of seriously black daggers and Szithluon got measured up for a new suit of scale mail.

After finding out how much stuff costs in the city, the team decided to make some money, which meant a trip the Fight Arena in the The Flower. Szithluon and Tynluwurm signed themselves up a fighting pair, whilst Ulunnuh did a good job of spreading rumours about how bad the newest entry in the Tryout Leagues were.

Through a combination of skill, style and raw determination, the fighting pair battled their way from league to league, finally winning the Electrum league fights and being given the bragging rights title of Fight Arena Champions!

Ulunnuh proved that his ability to read the bets was valid and walked away with a tidy sum to share with the group, maybe ;)

And with that, their afternoon appointment loomed…

