---
layout: post
title:  And so it begins...
date:   2018-02-02 19:00:00 +0000
categories: session
---

## Date 719HE/E10.

The Half Ur'Ku Ulunnuh the Mad (played by MJ) met with the Drache!zins (Chelataur, played by RW and Szithluon played by JW) in the Market Square of Fairhaven as Chelataur was trying to read the notice board. With Ulunnuh's help, they discovered a variety of jobs on offer:

- Rats in the cellar of the Wyvern's Head
- Unquiet Undead at the Temple of Rakshi
- Wolves 'ave bin worryin' moi sheeps at Huw's farm
- Courier a package to the Imperial City - see Reeve Wuffa at the Town hall

Having made a decision, the group made their way to the Wyvern's Head tavern and introduced themselves to Ames Warne, the amiable landlord who explained he had a problem with rats in his cellar. After negotiating a reward price, the brave adventurers went into the cellar, sending Chelataur first, with Ulunnuh heroically bringing up the rear.

The tales of their glory will sung on high, as the group tore their way through the rats (of ever increasing size) and gained the thanks of Ames. A particularly nifty move was Ulunnuh throwing a dagger between the legs of the two Drache!zin to kebab a rat.

Ames was indeed very happy with the resolution and provided the group with some cash and the promised a room to stay should they ever need to.

Keen to make new friends, the group left the tavern and headed over to the Temple of Rakshi, where Priest Rewill Fordaye explained the services offered by the temple (healing etc) and that there was a slight problem with a few of the interred refusing to lie down.

After being shown around the temple, the group delved into the crypt, where after some searching they found zombies! A (surprisingly) quick combat ensued with our heroes victorious.

A thorough search of the crypt revealed a strange symbol carved into the floor of the crypt. The group decided to destroy the symbol as best they could.
