---
layout: post
title: The Shattered Heart - pt. 2
date: 2018-03-28 19:00:00 +0000
categories: session
---

## Date 719HE/E13 - 16

With some trepidation, the brave heroes made their way into a large hall lit
with braziers and wall sconces. At one end was an altar, backed by a tapestry
that occupied the entire back wall.

A bit of investigation led to the discovery of a narrow passage leading to a
small room containing a single chest. A failed attempt at disarming the chest
meant that Szithluon copped a face full of poison gas leading to much coughing
and consternation. Within the chest was a gun-metal bladed scimitar…

Meanwhile, Tynluwurm the Iron-Scaled (a.k.a Tynwurm, played by Emogene) was
making her way from the Drache!holt of Tsz!kany for Tandive. An annoying couple
of kobolds tried to slow her down, but they went the same way as some of the pit
warriors, with the same "tea-bagging" ceremony…

The group headed back into the main hall of the Shrine, and decided to
investigate one of the side rooms. The cultists behind the door where...
annoyed, to say the least, to have their property violated and put up a damn
good fight, however, our heroes were victorious. And behind the second door…
Same again, but this time one off the cultists was a magic flinger, leading to
more of a sting than the adventurers had anticipated! Szithluon _ahem_ borrowed
the gun-metal blade from Ulunnuh, and proved it quite capable of cutting things…
if a little chatty...

Tynluwurm came to the village of Charn, where she helped out a local
cart-wright, indulged in some simple bartering and carried on her journey to
Fairhaven via Milbrook…

At this time, our two groups of heroes met and got acquainted over a short fight
with some more cultists…

Gyron Wiest thanked the group for their help, and suggested they talk to Reeve
about what to do next.

Eventually, the group reached Fairhaven, where after a brief bit of shopping,
they stopped by the Wyvern's Head for a rest.
