---
layout: post
title: R & R
date: 2019-03-09 19:00:00 +0000
categories: session
---

## Date 719HE/E33

The following morning, the team met up with Toman and after some discussion
handed over 55% of the, er, "ladies of negotiable affection" operation to the
City. Toman stated that the Empress would be… pleased? At least this way the
workers would be looked after and useful income would be generated for the City.

With that grubby little piece of business out of the way, the group headed to
the Rakshi Hexant with a plan of meeting the Gala organiser, which they duly
did, a fancy gentleman by the name of Borger Victoire. Flamboyant? Certainly.
Camp? Camper than a row of pink tents.

After some swift talking by OBD, it was agreed our plucky heroes would face
their greatest challenge yet: Playing the 3rd spot on the bill on the 3rd day of
the Gala.

In the evening, ostensibly to plan their next actions, the team headed to the
Prince of Ochre tavern, a run down dive, with bad customers but a better
atmosphere. Upstairs there was a small stage, and under the pretense of
practice, OBD played an entrancing hour long solo. Under the cover of the music,
Ulunnuh and Szithluon "acquired" a fair amount of cash for the spell-bound
crowd.

After the performance, a local music troupe called the Greenland Players asked
if they could be the backing band for OBD at the Gala. With that in place, the
team returned to their quarters.

## Date 719HE/E34 - E36

The next couple of days were spent recovering, repairing gear, training,playing
with toys, getting pyros for the Gala, and practising with the Greenland
Players. Most importantly they decided on a band name: MaüsRätte!

And with that, the team turned in, ready to head to the Gala.
