---
layout: post
title:  Flowering Gala pt.1
date:   2019-08-01 19:00:00 +0000
categories: session
---

## Date 719HE/F01

Our plucky band were woken up by Toman bringing them their "usual" breakfast and a visitor, a dwarf by the name of Ningri Golith (Jack). 

Ningri told the group about the research that Celasar and he had been doing on the book recovered from Inoya tower. Specifically that the Heart of Zarg had been split into four pieces in the final battle that sent Zarg from this realm, and how the Ritual of Badh!Nati (pronounced BaathNati) can bind them together again. The book is unclear what would happen if you bind the pieces together again, or what they are (except they have been transformed to avoid detection until 'the time of The Harrowing").

Ningri has been sent by the Empress to assist the team in their search for information about these pieces and the Cult of the Shattered Heart.

After this introduction, the gang went off to do what they do best; buy things! Specifically 9 hessian wedding dresses, 9 "slipped knot" masks from Guignoli's Happy Fun Time and Humorous Amusements shop as well as some "rubber marital aids" to be delivered to Toman… They also visited a blacksmith to get some steel drums made for their upcoming gig at the gala.

Feeling thirsty, the adventurers headed into a delightful local dive called "Ye Olde Weathered Spoone".  Where they fought and, er, killed most of the clientele after OBD piddled in the face of the Chungus sat at the bar.

Leaving the landlord (Goran) alive, they worked out an ownership deal of the pub, giving Goran 10% of the profits, and changed its name to "The Stiff-finger Tavern".

With their whistles wetted, they headed to the Gala, and took in the atmosphere of the vendor stands, music and foods available. They even bumped into their old friend, RMO Scribbler!

Eventually, they entered the Cassalanter villa to enjoy the main opening, an operetta performed by the delightful Aria Cavatina, an angelic songstress with a stunningly beautiful voice.

Partway through her performance, Aria screamed, and our heroes could see that a red imp was attacking Aria. With their usual gusto, the band annihilated the imp.  Captain Staget of the Hylur CIty Guard ordered his men to seal the villa, and appealed to our brave adventurers to help in resolving this mysterious attack. They agreed, although the homeowners insisted the group stay within the boundaries of the villa.

On the body of the imp, a page from a child's book was found, on the back of which was a strange symbol. No, not the Mark of Zarg, thankfully, but Ningri identified it as being mystical, possibly demonic, given the name of the sigil; ASMODEUS.

With that, they set about questioning the guests in the villa. This led them to question the little girl, and finally go to her bedroom. There they found a toybox, with some items that seemed to be referred to in the story page they found.
