---
layout: post
title: Museum Heist - pt. 2
date: 2020-12-13 19:00:00 +0000
categories: session
---

## Date 719HE/F27

- Planning the heist! This took most of the day
  - Ulunnuh will break in through the window they had already unlocked
  - Ninny G will make Tynwurm invisible
  - Szithy on over-watch with dead-drop arrows (blunt to knock people out)
  - Ulunnuh to do 'trap stuff'
  - Tynwurm to grab the skull from the dias and make for the outside
  - Ninny G to dump the invisibility and cast Enlarge/Reduce on the skull
  - Run like fun for the pub!
- But first! Epic "Finger or Toe"
  - Played over 3 rounds of 3 turns, round-robin
  - Highest points win
  - Points awarded for correct guesses
  - Patrons of the pub were betting on the outcome, with the stakes increasing
    as the game progressed!
  - Results: 1st - Ninny G, 2nd Szithy, 3rd Tynwurm and 4th Ulunnuh
- Rest

## Date 719HE/F28

- Rest day, prepare for heist, wait until 2 a.m. following morning

## Date 719HE/F28

Things very nearly went according to plan!

Except....

- Ulunnuh triggered a web trap and alarm, and got stuck. Had to be pulled out by
  Tynwurm
- Tynwurm managed to distract the guard with some voice mimicry
- Tynwurm triggered another trap and couldn't move as fast as she thought she
  could when trying to grab the skull
- Ulunnuh tried to help move the skull but jostled it out of Tynwurm's hands, it
  landed on his foot
- Another guard got too close in the long hall, so Szithy pulled him through the
  window, guard managed to wriggle away
- Ninny G, disguised as a guard (Bad day at the office huh?) sent him to sleep

Finally:

- Tynwurm and Ulunnuh managed to dash outside
- Reduce the skull, and leg it to the pub. Phew!

Ulunnuh found Nagrette, who came to the pub to retrieve the skull and pay for
the job.

Tynwurm received a letter asking her to help an old ... friend?
