---
layout: post
title: Kh!za!dum; venturing further up...
date: 2023-11-19 12:00:00 +0000
categories: session
---

## Date 719HE/13

After the battle with the Mummy Baron, the gang gather all the loot and discuss
what to do about Graxari and her case of Mummy Rot. Helpful ideas such as "can
we freeze her?", "What about a fireball?", "How about we cut her arm off?" were
interrupted by four intruders; the guys they had let live from the other room!

A (very) brief fight ensues and the bad guys are quickly dispatched. Going
through their belongings revealed a list of contents of another room on this
level, two of particular note being a bag and potion.

Ninny G, feeling much more like his old self, set about animating of the dead
bodies, and with that abominable act complete, the group set off for the first
room, with the freshly dead in the lead, a goblin escort front and rear. This
room was empty, apart from a bit of loot and full chamber pot, and the remains
of several smashed bronze dragon eggs.

Approaching the third room, (passing a gated passage way) the undead point man
was shot at by the room's occupants. The leading Khob'Linn scouts decided enough
was a enough and rushed into combat, soon to be in close quarters with a couple
of Zarg cultists. The fight developed with a Zargassian Fanatic and another
cultist. Tynwurm put the fanatic down, but not out, and Szithy executed the
final cultist.

The room had been turned into a torture chamber; complete with iron maiden,
sacrificial alter and a flaming skull pile altar to Zarg. Luas tried to pick up
one of the skulls, and only succeeded in burning his had. The fanatic was webbed
to the sacrificial altar and interrogated about the pyramid. Mainly incoherent
ramblings, but he did talk about a shield, a this being an unholy site and threw
various insults be committing suicide. Ulunnuh and Szithy investigated a couple
of chests, and failing to find any traps, Ulunnuh set both traps off, getting
acid burns for his troubles. However, they did find a bag of holding and a
potion of the Waters of Anahita, powerful enough to cure Graxari of her Mummy
Rot!

Last thing in the room was a lever, which the party viewed with suspicious.
Ninny G reanimated the corpse of the dead fanatic and ordered it to operate said
lever; this produced an ominous whirring and clunking sounds, presumably from
the gated passageway.

With that, they headed off to the passageway, which was indeed now open, and up
the stairs to the second level of the pyramid.

### Kh!za!dum - second level

Zombies leading the way, the horde of adventurers moved along the corridor.
Ninny found an owl familiar to act as his advance eyes and ears, which scoped
out the way ahead, including a scruffy bit of flooring and an occupied room.
Ulunnuh went to look at the scuffed flooring, and deciding that everything was
perfectly fine, stepped on the tiles, and took two poison darts to the chest for
his hubris. Ninny advanced one of his zombies onto the tile, which too got a
couple of darts. Letting the zombie act as a doorstop, the rest of the gang
progressed to the next room.

As was to be expected, a couple of fanatics put up some resistance, but were
easily dispatched by our heroes. This bakery/library had more hieroglyphs
showing a battle between six of the celestial figures, supported by dragons,
elves, dwarves and orcs, and a winged figure with an army of Ogres, Tieflings
and Scorpion-kin. Additionally, there were two maps, one of Be^lash with a red
circle around Per^doth and another of the pyramid itself, showing 4 levels,
although the fourth level map was burned beyond recognition, only the word
'SCUTUM' being visible.

With better knowledge of the interior layout, the band proceeded to the next
known room, the crowding in the corridor making movement pretty difficult. This
room contained a fiesty priest who put a brief fight with Szithy, Life Eater
leaving its mark, and Luas delivering the killing blow. In here the group found
four intact bronze dragon eggs and two human corpses, one of which had a note
with 'Found them at Lake Kry!ko'. And with that, the group contemplates their
next move.
