---
layout: post
title: Kh!za!dum - pt. 3
date: 2024-09-28 12:00:00 +0000
categories: session
---

## Date 719HE/14 - 16

Our heroes move into the third room on this level and find a chest with a small
number of gold coins scattered almost carelessly in front of it. Thinking it is
"probably a mimic" the team ready themselves, then Ulunnuh wakes it. The fight
is brutal and bloody; Luas hits the mimic with a Fireball and gets bitten for
his efforts, Graxari "drums up" some inspiration with the goblin horde providing
backing vocals, Szithy misses his swing and Tynwurm splits the mimic in half!
The gold pieces the mimic held have all been melted together by Luas's Fireball.
Searching the room, Luas fails to see it entirely and dislocates his finger in
the intricate carvings the rest can plainly see... He kicks the wall in rage,
and stubs his toe! Oh the ignominy!

Ulunnuh, however, succeeds mightily in discovering a hidden door, behind which
is a lever which Tynwurm operates. A deep grumbling sound is heard and the group
determine the other gateway on this level is now open. Luas walks up to the
gateway, triggering a dart trap, he hits the floor unconscious! Some people have
no luck... Ulunnuh drags him away and Szithy quickly heals him. Ulunnuh, after
rifling Luas's pockets, finds a small chest, which he plans to put on the dart
trap pressure plate, but royally fucks up and triggers the trap! Luas, somewhat
coldly, suggests walking over the unconscious Ulunnuh to get up the stairs and
_then_ drag him to safety. Which the "heroes" agree to, with Tynwurm going
first, seemingly oblivious to the fact there are traps around. The rest of the
team get over Ulunnuh, Graxari drags him off the trap and cures some of his
wounds.

With everyone back on their feet, they head up the stairs to the third level.

### Kh!za!dum - third level

Tynwurm "marks" her new territory, the others look on bemused. Even the goblins
aren't sure about that!.

Ranging ahead, Ulunnuh finds no traps and the part move the entrance of the
single room dominating this floor. It is 50' x 50', the now familiar hieroglyphs
cover the walls, there is a magic circle of some description carved into the
floor and it is occupied by fanatics, some zombies and what appears to be a mage
in the center of the circle. We all know how this is going to go, the diplomatic
route, no sorry, the other one, violence!

Another chaotic battle ensues; notably Szithy broke his bow string, both Luas
and Ulunnuh nearly died (quick work by Ninny G and Graxari kept them alive), and
Tynwurm's initial axe throw was intercepted by the mages familiar! Tynwurm
punishes the mage by obliterating him utterly. Finally, all the enemies are
dead.

With the part alive and healed, they investigate the room further. The carvings,
although somewhat damaged, are still legible and depict the celestials banishing
a winged figure to another plane.

The mage's belongings are mostly garbage apart from a quantity of gold and
silver coins and a potion that Ninny G recognises as Firebreath. Ninny G also
investigates the magic circle and determines it is a safe to use; which they do,
opening a small portal on one wall through which they can see a dimly lit room.

Scanning the room through the portal the heroes can see markings on the floor
and what appear to be two black stone pillars, about 5' tall, upon each of which
rests a skull. A flaming skull. Szithy remember they have dealt with these
before and thus prepared, they enter the portal.

### Kh!za!dum - fourth level

Going though the portal they find themselves in the small room, roughly 40' x
40', and to no ones surprise, there is a pillar in each corner bearing a flaming
skull. In the room's floor is a carving of the Mark of Zarg, in the center of
that appears to be a small shield. The portal behind them winks out! Trapped!

The skirmish is short; Ninny G grabs the shield and reads the inscription on the
back (which the team know to be a part of the Grythrix) and uses it to control
one of the Flaming Skulls This skull ends up in the bag of holding the group
have. The other three are destroyed in quick order.

With that done, they search the room; also in the circle is a badly burned body
of a mage. On on wall the hieroglyphs show a gathering of four cultist-like
figures; each one is wielding a different item, two with familiar looking black
swords, one a shield and the last a large red gem or crystal. Exaggerated lines
of power (perhaps) are carved around the side walls to a depiction of a portal,
in the middle of which is a winged figure, the face damaged.

Also in the room is a lever. The team pull the lever, which opens a portal in
the same wall as the carved version, but all it shows is a corridor. With some
trepidation, the part go though, the corridor narrows, and narrows further
still, this is quite a squeeze! But finally they are out into a larger corridor.
They quickly realise they are back at the pyramid entrance! With relief, they
exit the foul place and once again enter the wide open space of the M!tep
Desert. It is dark, the sky is full of starts and they collapse wearily to the
ground.

Time to rest and decide on their next steps.
