---
layout: post
title: Life on an Ocean Wave - pt. 1
date: 2026-01-10 12:00:00 +0000
categories: session
---

## Date 719HE/16

Our heroes make it outside the dread pyramid of Kh!zh!dum and decide to rest.
THe night is cold, but quiet. Sizthy, Ninny G and Ulunuuh are plagued by odd
dreams of a desolate plain, howling winds, a dark figure, leathery wings. Surely
nothing bad about that!

## Date 719HE/J17

In the morning, the party break camp and start planning where to go next, when
they spy on the horizon a tremendous sandstorm hurtling their way. In the
sandstorm, they see a colossal skeletal face screaming at them. Without further
ado, they ride fast away from the sandstorm. The storm envelops them and still
they ride. And continuing riding for what feels like hours.

Eventually the storm subsides and they find themselves outside a small port
town. After a quick chat to some locals they discover several days have passed
during their mad dash and it is actually Joy 25th! Also that they are the port
of Al-Ashkar.

Their gentle musings of the town are interupted by an old man being flung
backwards out of the local temple, along with his cat. This odd individual seems
to know them all by name and gives them a garbled warning about finding the last
piece of "you know, the Thingy!".

After this unhelpful revelation they head to the local tavern, The Jolly
Sea-pig, and see the job board:

- Escort two ships to Shri!vak in the Skor'Dash Scrub
- Destroy the pirate scourge
- Break the blockade by the "Teeth Under Waves"

Once in the tavern, the party set about their usual tricks of trying to buy the
place, but the landlord tells them to talk to the owner, a Captain Nyrax.

They then do what they do second best, and buy supplies a the Ships Chandlers.

Eventually they find Nyrax at his ship, The Deadman's Finger (a warship), about
the breaking the blockade after figuring out that none of the ships can leave
until this is done. They also talk to the two Orc captains, and Graxari's
goblins are very happy that someone will be able to get them home.

## Date 719HE/J26

After meeting with Nyrax first thing, they head out in the Deadman's Finger to
investigate the blockade. The water in the bay is full of flotsam, jetsam, and
other nautical type wreckage; obviously the remains of smashed ships. They
continue in the direction of a small island further out to sea when they are
surprised by a Dragon Turtle! Tynwurm, who has a sudden rush of brains to the
head, remembers that these ancient creatures are intelligent and can speak!
