---
layout: post
title: Life on an Ocean Wave - pt. 2
date: 2026-01-31 12:00:00 +0000
categories: session
---

## Date 719HE/26

The crew rush to their stations, fearing for the worst. The Dragon Turtle
submerges and swooshes under The Deadman's Finger, grazing the keel and rocking
the ship violently.

Tynwurm starts blurting out facts about Dragon Turtles, about how they can be
reasoned with, and they aren't evil and several things about their biology that
would turn many a strong stomach.

The party decide to parlay with the beast, this takes some planning; Ninny G
will cast a spell to shout to the creature, and Sizthy and Tynwurm to turn their
plea into Draconic. The ship's lookout bellows a warning as the Dragon Turtle
has turned about and is heading straight for them, the party watching with
horror as it bears down on the ship.

The massive beast breaches the surface, Ninny bellows is pidgin Draconic "PEACE,
WE ARE FOR AID!", and..... the Turtle stops just shy of the hull.

After a somewhat slow and stilted conversation the Turtle, who's name really is
"Teeth Under Waves", it tells them that it did not sink the ships, but "black
sails, many black sails", and thay they had tried to hunt him. Black sail come
from island", and "Bad things in the island". "Teeth" agrees to help our heroes
for "much gold", whihch turned out to be 400 GP, and "some fish".

Captain Nyrax took this moment to have a complete mental breakdown and hide in
his cabin, abdicate his captaincy and renounce the sea, claiming he will never
sail again! The first mate stepped up to assume command, the now Captain Karim
Jabal then agreed a 70:30 split of the ship's ownership and any profits form
haulage with our finincially devious heroes.

With a final agreement to meet with "Teeth" the following day to hunt the
pirates, the ship was turned about and headed back to port. And after some swift
talking, Nyrax conceded the entire Jolly Sea pig tavern to the party. I'm
beginning to think they just like taking advantage of fragile people!

## Date 719HE/27

Morning broke with the usual sounds of Tynwurm trying hard not to defecate
herself as the rest of them decide to rename the tavern "The Fish Finger", and
their new ship as "Teeth Above Waves" a.k.a The Teeth.

Nyrax is left to prop up the bar, muttering to himself about the dreadful
dangers of the sea, and squeaks whenever a galss of water put in front of him.
